veteran viewers know that I have a bit
of a history with ergonomic keyboards
but it all started with the Kinesis
Advantage 2 this is the advantage 360
professional there's also a
nonprofessional which is basically a
souped up version of that same keyboard
I saw back then so the question is
what's new what does it come with and
will I switch to it I do currently use
and have used for several years a
similar but different ergonomic keyboard
inside the box we have two key modules
with bubble wrap for the children as
well as a box of accessories you get a
key cap puller but not a key switch
puller more on that later you get a USB
a Toc cable for connecting the keyboard
to your PC they even have Advantage 360
branded cable ties pretty cool maybe 6
ft long I'm not 6 ft tall so you know I
can't grab that wide a bridge connector
basically a piece of plastic it's has
360 on it and it holds the two key
modules together more on that later some
extra key caps with this model these are
shine through ABS caps on the
nonprofessional they're actually uh
double shot PBT caps weird that you get
different key caps but that's what the
$30 difference gets you baby and a quick
start guide let's look at the modules
don't give these to your kids to play
with but they're so
fun these are so awesome they have a
great weight to them them they have very
high quality Plastics they don't feel 3D
printed at all like they look pretty
modern I remember the advantage too was
like had a great ergonomic Innovations
but it's kind of just a weird like 80s
feeling keyboard even though it wasn't
but this is nice now let's talk about
the features first of all it's split and
that gives you a lot of flexibility
because you can put it them close
together you can put them far apart and
this allows you to have whatever kind of
ergonomic setup for your shoulders that
you need so you can turn them like that
and have it like that which is nice and
that's going to reduce what's called
allner deviation which is when your
hands go like this if you're like
squished in on a Cordy keyboard kind of
like that with a split keyboard you can
tilt them in put your elbows on the
table that's great it also gives you the
freedom to put your mouse where you want
believe it or not some people may choose
to spread the modules like this and put
the mouse in the middle and what that
does is it prevents them from reaching
way over here for Mouse which can cause
shoulder and neck strain that's the name
of the game ergonomics we're trying to
reduce prevent or heal from repetitive
stress injuries and there's a few
different ways you can get them all
deviation shoulder strain another way
you can develop an RSI is from having
too much wrist extension this is flexion
this is extension and that hurts and
normally it's because your hands are on
your desk if your keyboard has those
little legs on the back that make it
tilt up I used to always use those but
once I got educated I stopped cuz that's
extension these you have the option of
extending your wrist because the wrist
pad is built onto the key module itself
it just like forces you look how neutral
my wrist is there it's just straight and
not only that they sell an optional sold
separately accessory for
$25 and it's attaches on with magnets
it's so awesome and Slick it's very
cushy and plush and I actually recommend
getting it if you're in the market for
this keyboard I probably would get the
wrist pads they're awesome the next
thing is pronation which is when your
hands are like this the two bones in
your arm the radius and they all that
they scissor and they pinch tissue this
is the one that I feel the most and this
is also the the way that this keyboard
has improved for probably the most like
I've used keyboards from urgod do which
are really cool but their tenting system
is so much more finicky you got these
little legs kicking off every direction
that you turn and tighten but on these
they just have this one big stand with a
button under it and what that allows you
to do is you you to press the button and
you can increase the angle or lower it
just like that there's only one
dimension to it you you know the extra
Jank of the ergod dox allows you to put
all sorts of different angles but this
is just up and down this way which is UN
pronating your arms unpinch that tissue
so I would probably tent it to the max
look that looks cool this has a cool
profile if you guys could see what I see
from this way like it's neat and
finally what's the deal with these
contoured key Wells
well that is because your fingers don't
have to sit on the keyboard like that
they get to rest in a natural state like
this and not only that look how look at
the
variation in the key Heights what
they're trying to do there is have it so
that the keys are at a consistent
distance from your finger as it sweeps
in its range of motion it should be able
to touch all those keys they're all
right there see like this number key is
farther away but it's also sticking out
more so my finger doesn't have to reach
AC crazy amount to get to it it's just
awesome they thought it through if
you're someone who's suffering from an
RSI or trying to prevent one and that is
your number one thing this is probably
or at least this brand is probably the
Ergo keyboard to go with they've really
thought it
through but that doesn't mean I don't
have problems with it which we'll get to
in a bit but first thanks to ug green
for sponsoring this video meet the revvo
do Max 213 a 13 And1 connectivity
solution with 13 ports including USBC an
SD card reader and a 2 .5 GB ethernut
Port it's a great companion for any
workflow its two Thunderbolt 4 ports let
you enjoy blazing fast file transfers at
40 GB per second along with stunning 8K
or dual 4K 60 HZ display options you can
even keep your devices powered up with
90 wats fast charging universally
compatible with major Apple windows and
tablet devices the revok max 213 is
built to increase productivity no matter
what setup you have get yours today at
the link below let's continue the
Journey of Discovery here you can see
there's a power on switch for each one
there's also a USBC port for each one if
you're wondering what that bridge
accessory does I think if you click it
onto the
tin
boom and then you've just got one unit
that's pretty cool but I like it to be a
little turned in so I probably wouldn't
use
this keyboard does not come with a
dongle it's Bluetooth which is
okay I do like to have a dongle a little
lower latency and just kind of simpler
setup just leave that thing in your
computer the keyboard is available with
multiple different switch types from the
store
however they're not hot swappable which
is sad you can't put any key switch you
want on here you do have a little bit of
a selection these ones that comes with
these Browns they're not Cherry MX
Browns they're Gaton
Browns it's one of those things these
keyboards uro keyboards often have a
hefty price tag and you kind of just
wish that you got everything under the
sun for that price like and hot
swappable key switches is just cool to
have and if I'm spending so much for a
keyboard it'd be nice for it to be not
just my Ergo keyboard but also my
Enthusiast keyboard like let me put
freaking pandas in here but alas I would
say that's a through line of my
criticisms for this thing overall during
filming Kinesis added the advantage 360
signature to their lineup where an
aftermarket Outfitter called upgrad
keyboards.com will build you a 360 or
360 pro with purportedly any switch you
want and cool other upgrades as long as
you're willing to wait up to 6 months
one thing that I love to have in an
ergonomic keyboard is thumb clusters
which is what you have here their
philosophy at Kinesis is why let your
little pinky do so much heavy lifting on
a keyboard when your thumbs are way
stronger stronger let them do repetitive
tasks like space bar back space Delete
and why not Chuck in some other lesser
known Keys like page and up and home and
end I really like that approach I will
not use an ergo keyboard that doesn't
have thumb clusters it's just so sweet
the keyboard that I have at my desk I
personally use space and backspace and
Delete and Enter all on my thumbs and
having backspace in particular on the
thumb rather than I used to use my pinky
up here like reaching over there uh so
much better highly recommend however you
will see that there's other elements of
this keyboard layout that are
non-standard for example where's the
caps lock button is it right here beside
a no that's escape the philosophy of
Kinesis is like they're trying to make
the most ergonomic keyboard possible
they want to have everything within
reach of of the home row and if there's
keys that are not within reach then they
go on to a second layer you hit some key
press and then you're on a layer that
has all your numpad for example if I
show you the K key there's a second
Legend on the bottom of it indicating
that it's the number five which is super
cool got your F keys on a layer
underneath the number keys and that's
all gravy if you get used to it I don't
want to get used to it I never ever want
to switch layers I want more keys um and
that's because I don't have an RSI I'm
using ergonomic keyboards to prevent
rsis and because I don't actually have
an injury I'm willing to like sacrifice
some ergonomics for extra productivity
um so my reference would be if they made
a I would love for them to make a
keyboard that also had F Keys up here
and just maybe just a couple more keys
so they don't have to do things like
move Escape down to over here and caps
over here what were they thinking and I
hate these arrow keys that are divided
you see they got you're supposed to go
way down here and use these fingers for
the left and right arrows and use your
whole other hand for the up and down
arrows I don't like that I want to see
all the arrows in a normal cluster in a
normal orientation because you spend
years working in retail getting muscle
memory for the arrow keys gaming getting
muscle memory for the arrow keys to
relearn stuff like that is brutal in the
case of hotkeys I want to use the same
muscle memory I already use on my laptop
which I might be using while I also have
this keyboard in my life you know we're
Multi-Device people you got to switch
between and I have no problem switching
between ortholinear keyboards like this
with the up and down keys and using my
thumbs and then going to my laptop it's
different enough that I actually don't
have a problem switching between but
switching the muscle memory of hot Keys
is a big deal so why not just reprogram
the keyboard that's easy to do on most
keyboards right indeed you are right
except for this keyboard this specific
keyboard if you get the advantage 360
nonpr that's a USB version you plug that
puppy in it actually has a different and
much easier to use keyboard
reprogramming software with this
particular Pro board they're like hey
you're a pro uh you're such a pro that
instead of having a nice gooey um that's
just like on our website for you to
reprogram your keyboard like a ergodox
might you actually have to go to their
GitHub and Fork their GitHub in order to
reprogram this thing which is doable and
they have an instruction guide on how to
do it it's just not like I just don't
get it on the one hand is there customer
people who are like are not keyboard
enthusiasts but just need ergonomic
keyboards to service their injuries if
it is why are you expecting those people
to go and be power users
on your git repository that's two
different users I don't get it I think
that all their keyboard should have easy
remapping um since it's so important on
a on a smaller non-standard layout where
you're going to want to customize it
your way especially with thumb clusters
make it easy for us guys another issue I
have is that it's not RGB um seems like
a stupid thing again it's an ergo
keyboard why does it need it it does
have a backlight on on the pro model
there is a global white backlight which
you can turn up and down you hold down
the mod button and arrow down and up you
see that going off and on y I can see it
up
here but why not have that RGB for a
price of
$480 what yes it's
$480 the non-pro model is $450 so that's
my thing you guys it's very expensive
and you can't put a price on health and
that's their aim is solving your health
problems it's almost a medical device
you can probably write it off so it's
cool I just wish it was be it went
beyond that and could be also my
Enthusiast keyboard so for those prices
like yeah throw in some RGB and like cuz
why not it's cool that you can have five
different profiles for attaching
Bluetooth it's cool that there's
multiple layers of keyboard um profiles
you can connect to it or program into it
Beyond just the standard three uh
profiles that are included it's cool
that it
has this easy to use tenting system and
it's cool that it's like the most
ergonomic thing ever but I just wish
they had like a a middle ground keyboard
that had all these benefits but just
like an extra row keysys over here maybe
some macro keys on the side and and let
every user have the cheap and easy non
power user reprogram ability and then it
would be my perfect keyboard and I would
put it on my desk but until that day I'm
stuck using the truly ergonomic cleave
keyboard with its Optical switches and
you know it's flat it it's it's not
everything I want I want it plus this
smashed together and like an external
keypad I'd probably put like a little
keypad in the middle here or something
like that but anyways thanks for
watching guys if you like this video
maybe go down memory lane and check out
all the other weird uro keyboards we've
covered over the years